Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Moshe.
I was not expecting you.
Not today. please. I'm tired. please.
F**k!
F**k
- Pushkar. stop. Stop it now.
Humans make mistakes. after all.
Are you calling me human?
But you're right.
I f*****g screwed
up like a human being.
I am a d******k.
Do I look like a d******k to you?
No. I just wanted to say that...
- No. no. it's all right. I am a d******k
No. I...
- You're right. it's fine. I am a d******k.
I am a d*****k.
They...
They killed Danny.
I told Danny to stay there.
if anything urgent comes up.
then call me.
I'll come running.
I told him that!
I told the f****r!
They killed him outside our club!
Outside OUR club!
Now Bhau will
think that I am an amateur.
And that bloody Russian.
Barak. will laugh at me.
They will f*****g laugh at me.
f*****g d******k I am.
I am a f**king d******k.
Why are you talking like that?
- What else am I going to say?
What else am I going to say?
I am going to say what I did.
And that f****r Reddy is missing.
His number is unreachable.
Is... is... is he dead?
Reddy?
He's not going to die so soon.
He has a thick hide.
But Pushkar.
I will find him at any cost.
Listen...
Calm down. okay.
Calm down.
This is why Bhau has sent me here.
I have a huge list of things-to-do.
Clean the warehouse.
And that Annappa's body. you know...
I am not that big a d******k.
Get rid of it.
Put him in a sack. and feed
the m***********r to the fishes.
And Bhau said that the cops should never
know what happened in the warehouse.
Pushkar.
All the filthy secrets of Goa
are buried within me.
Did I ever let anything out?
Why do you worry?
I am there.
Now go.
Come on. go. Get going.
Pushkar.
He doesn't need a goni (sack).
he needs Ghone.
I said leave.
I'll handle this.
Come here. Annappa.
What the bloody...
Listen.
Check the CCTV footages of the
petrol pumps on the North and South.
Why didn't you install
a camera on the outside?
I never had one outside.
Crimes never happened in this area.
Crimes don't give an
intimation before happening.
The crime occurred outside
and not in here. We don't go outside.
Please inquire outside.
Doesn't the owner come here?
I am the manager. I handle this place.
Why do you care who is the boss?
What's the owner's name?
Talk to me. sir.
What...
- What did you say?
Whose name is on the license?
Whose name? It's Tia Barak!
Who are you?
Manager.
- Who is Tia Barak?
Owner.
- And who am I?
Sorry. it was a mistake.
Next time. don't f**k
around with your father. okay?
It won't happen again.
Otherwise. I will strip you and
beat you publicly at the square.
Understood?
Hello. ma'am.
Can I take your order. please?
Yeah. give me five minutes.
- Sure.
You first time Goa?
- Yeah.
You...
You're from here?
- You're Goan?
- Yes. ma'am.
A friend of mine told me that
I could get some 100% pure stuff
from around here.
Some guy called Danny?
Yes. ma'am.
But last night. there was
a murder here.
Ma'am. Danny only died.
Excuse me. ma'am.
There's no blood in the bank.
There's no blood at all.
We need six units
but we can't even get one.
You will get it.
You will get it. Blood.
Find it and you will get it.
We're trying.
And the box?
What?
Will you find the box?
I don't know anything about the box.
- Then who does?
Chetta. who?
Bhau. Annappa is dead.
And Reddy is in the ICU.
Yeah...
Annappa was shot. He is dead.
We can't ask him.
Reddy was shot and he's critical.
We can't ask him either.
So whose responsibility is it now?
Where has the box gone?
Danny really loved this stuff.
Danny...
That guy had some capacity. man!
F**k!
Right?
For Danny
For Danny.
Bhau. this is just a charade.
According to the statement.
Reddy had gone to Mhatre Bar to drink.
And suddenly... suddenly. okay.
two foreigners came out of
nowhere and pointed a gun at him.
First. they took the
keys to the warehouse.
Then. they took him to a secluded
place and shot him.
After that.
they went to the warehouse.
Killed Annappa. stole a few electronic
items and the package as well!
It's an elaborate scheme
to f**k people over. Bhau.
Is it that easy?
All of them...
Reddy. Chetta-betta...
They disguise themselves...
... as demons during the festivals.
It's not easy to trust them.
Bhau. there's something
really fishy going on.
Who was on the bike?
-Come on. man.
How will I see his
face from the helmet?
Zip-zap-zoom!
He just disappeared into thin air.
Prince.
Bro. we're local. right?
You're smart. buddy.
But. you don't use your brains.
-But...
That's the problem with our lot.
No wonder these f*****g outsiders
have spread all over Goa. see? See?
And we... are still where we started.
Hello. sir. Yes. sir.
Welcome. sir.
Take it.
Use your brains for your own good.
I've seen that bike before.
Whose bike it is?
It belongs to Imran.
Who's this Imran?
Imran Kashmiri.
Midget Imran.
He has a bike garage in Porvorim.
Right next to the handicraft shop.
He is Ashraf Kashmiri's friend.
So. you were swimming?
Yes. of course I was.
Dude! Two beers! Hurry!
Go where?
There in the mountains.
we'll be flying.
Yes. we do.
We'll go there.
That seems like a
f*****g amazing place.
You're crazy. right?
Not here.
Come here. come here.
come here. come here. come here!
Pushkar sir. don't hit me.
Why not. r*****l?
You guys are screwing with me all day.
Why shouldn't I do the same?
Who am I?
Pushkar sir.
- Right?
Have you all f*****g turned blind?
Everyone has heard things.
but no one saw shit!
I asked that Kaanyaa. but he f*****g
says that Peter told me. Right?
When I asked Peter. he says
that f*****g bearded guy told me.
Do they all think I am a d******k?
Are they trying to
f**k around with me?
Am I a d******k? Am I?
- No.
Stand up. come here.
Stand up. you f****r.
Come here.
No. please.
Eh? What did you see?
I didn't see anything.
- You didn't?
You didn't see anything?
- I didn't see anything.
Then who told you?
Someone must have said
something to you too?
What did he say? Say?
Mhatre sir told me to just
say this much and nothing more.
Mhatre sir told me.
- Say that again.
Mhatre sir said that he has seen it.
Say that again.
Mhatre sir said that
only he has seen it.
Where is that a*****e?
He's gone to Sawantwaadi. Sawantwaadi.
His name is Imran.
He's a mechanic. Owns a garage.
And Ashraf's good friend.
Even Imran is a Kashmiri.
Kashmiri?
Bhau...
... I had told you...
... that this
cannot be Duman's doing.
The Kashmiris are behind it.
Straight to the venue. hurry up.
Roy. police station quickly.
Are you actually telling me that we have
to go to the police station right now?
Tia. it will take only five minutes.
It is just regular stuff.
If this is regular stuff.
why do we have to go today?
As it is. I am f*****g late.
Everyone is waiting for me.
This is f****d up.
You know I can't handle the cops.
You know that. Moshe.
And everything will be fine
if you tell the cops exactly
what I told you to tell the cops.
Now just stay calm.
- Just stay calm?
The event is in less than a f*****g
hour and you're saying stay calm?
You know what this means to me!
You know how hard I worked for this!
The cop station.
This is the last time
I am doing something like this.
The very last time.
This is taking far too long.
You'd said five minutes.
You know. this is my event.
I can't not be there!
- Tia Barak.
I am Moshe Barak.
Are you Tia Barak?
There is a summons in your name.
please come.
You wait out here. please.
Ma'am.
Should I go with them?
Sir. I didn't know
this would take so long.
I have a very important
event to go to.
so if you could hurry up with this.
it would be very helpful.
Is Club Xanadu in your name?
- Yes.
Turnover?
- Sorry?
Daily collections. madam.
Does the club have only cash counters
or do you accept credit cards as well?
My husband handles all the finances.
I don't have much
knowledge in this field.
What do you do?
Pardon?
What do you do. Mrs. Barak?
I am sure you must do something.
I... I am a designer.
Fashion designer.
And the event is related to that.
for which I am getting late.
I am launching my new collection.
Are you wearing one
of your designs right now?
Yes.
Nice. Very elegant.
Was Danny your permanent employee?
I don't know why
you're asking me all these questions.
I told you my husband handles
all that. Why don't you ask him?
I am asking you all this because
someone's been murdered. ma'am.
Someone who was your employee...
... and you pay his salary.
And the same employee was murdered
in front of your club.
So yes. legally...
... and unfortunately. it is you
I must ask these questions.
Xanadu is very famous for
its late-night deliveries. right?
What?
Beer. hard liquor. food.
Prostitutes.
Russians and Indians.
And drugs.
All kinds of drugs. but...
I didn't call you here for that.
I called you here because...
... on nights when your club
is running to peak capacity...
when it's totally full.
you use your emergency
exits as normal entrances.
That means that the
police can never get there...
... and ambulances
can never get there.
Health-safety hazard. hmm?
These are the summons.
You have to pay 1000 rupees fine.
- Okay.
Not here. at the court.
It goes without saying that
you can't leave without telling us.
And why is that?
It's procedure. madam.
One has to adjust.
Like we're making
adjustments for you today.
Sir. sir. sir.
One at a time. please.
Sir. international film festivals and
art exhibitions are happening in Goa.
How can the government encourage
the local artists further?
An encouraging environment
is crucial for an artist.
Correct?
When tourism increases in Goa.
then Goa will prosper.
When Goa prospers. then local artists
will automatically get patronage.
Am I right?
And so. the security
and the system need to be alert.
So sir. as an ex-CM are you dissatisfied
with the current security system?
That's not what I am saying.
I am just saying that every citizen
must understand their responsibility...
... and only then can
we make Goa drug-free.
Otherwise. nothing can happen.
CM Pawaskar cannot do anything alone.
Any CM cannot do anything alone.
They cannot go into
your homes and make a difference.
Right?
Sir. how is the Opposition supporting
the CM's Clean Goa campaign?
Later.
I am ready whenever you are.
So... when do you want to do this?
I need more time.
Whatever you do. do it smartly.
This is not Russia.
This is Goa.
And stop the bloodshed in the streets.
You know very well that
I am not to blame this.
Don't forget that
you don't have much time.
CM Pawaskar.
Does the tone sound familiar?
He is too smart.
He's let ACP Pereira loose
to clean up everything. Full power!
Remember the mid-day meal scheme?
A man who can screw the entire state
assembly over a school's bad food...
... think what he can
do to people like us.
I leave that to your imagination.
Do what you have to quickly.
Even if it means calling someone from
the outside on contract. so be it.
Just clean it all up.
And don't dirty your
F******g hands. for God's sake.
Bhau. we must bring
the situation under control.
One has to pour water into
the burrows to bring the rats out.
Otherwise. finding the
box is impossible. Moshe.
We must hire someone
from the outside for this job.
Someone who has no
association with Goa.
The police have their eyes on our men.
It's very tough. Moshe.
By the time an outsider
figures out Goa...
... everyone else pretty
much figures him out.
But I will do something.
- Okay.
Hello?
Where are Ashraf and Imran?
We don't know.
You don't know?
- We don't know.
Then who knows?
We don't know.
Who knows?
M***********r. do you want me
to shoot you?
Arrest all of them.
Look. man.
We are what boils in our blood.
Our reputation is
what runs in our breath.
And our identity is
what comes from our nature.
Your hands are shaking.
Meaning there's some
vice in your soul.
Forsake this fear.
Forsake this loneliness. Mhatre.
These are qualities
that will send you to hell.
"We must find the path to Paradise."
"And we've found that."
What is this?
Is she preparing for the Olympics?
She's got a great body.
Really tight. eh?
I don't think she needs to diet.
But the boss must
need her for his diet.
For celebration at night
and feast in the morning.
Do you think everything looks
straight for the boss at this age?
These days you get
a gel to straighten your hair...
... and pills for making
everything else hard.
Have you tried?
- No.
These tablets are not
good for the long run.
Porn is the best method.
I don't like watching porn.
It's frustrating.
They keep doing it for over an hour.
And watching their size makes me sad.
Hey... where did she go?
That looks like a very happy drink.
Sorry?
Could you make me one
of those as well?
Don't mind some happy for myself too.
Sure.
I know you.
You're the same girl from yesterday.
You were really checking out Juicy.
Juicy?
You were sitting right outside and
I was with my boyfriend at the beach.
And you girl... you were staring.
That's your boyfriend?
Juicy?
You know that name does suit him.
Sorry.
It's okay.
He is what he is.
You guys look good together.
Yes. we do.
So... does Juicy
have any yummy friends?
Bottoms up. girl!
I am making us another one.
The CM's mission to clean
the drug mafia from Goa...
... is truly commendable.
But will it take more time to fulfill
his promise made during the elections?
I am working as
a f*****g waiter here.
Mom really made a d*******k out
of me by telling me fairy tales.
And even the world
is a bunch of m************s.
You're right. I am in a trap.
Please. don't make me cry.
Smoke this.
I can hear some noises.
Sounds like capsicum.
Bite me. Bite me. Please. Kaanyaa.
F**k that bloody capsicum...
Did Mhatre give you a raise?
Pushkar came over yesterday.
He stripped the entire
staff and trashed everyone.
He trashed you too?
Bloody m***********r.
What was he asking?
Kaanyaa. what was he asking?
The same old - where is Mhatre?
Where is Mhatre?
I am not his wife.
If you must. go and ask at his house.
Why does he trouble us?
Did Mhatre tell you to stay quiet?
What? Is it a big secret?
What happened?
Mhatre is in Sawantwaadi.
Everyone's saying that
there's been a kidnapping.
There's no f*****g kidnapping.
You're spouting nonsense!
Mhatre never saw the kidnapping.
because it never happened.
Stop bullshitting.
Now you're making it all up.
That night. Reddy came over.
And one or two Kashmiris were
already waiting for him.
They were talking about something.
I was watching everything
from a far-off counter.
But I couldn't hear anything.
Roy: Then. did something happen?
What? They were happily chatting.
Roy: And then...
Then they finished
their drinks and left.
Mhatre said he will
give a bonus to everyone.
And that we should lie to everyone.
Roy: He won't give anyone a bonus.
You're my friend.
Don't mention my name anywhere.
Don't worry. brother. Take this.
Will come again.
Boss. Reddy lied.
He was never kidnapped. Yep.
What is it? Huh?
Bloody m***********r
I want Imran and Ashraf.
Check in Aldona.
Check every home.
Every shop.
club. country bar club. on the trees.
under the ground.
but get me Imran anyhow.
Give me a parcel quickly.
Yeah. Bhau?
Mhatre has returned from Sawantwaadi.
Pushya?
Hello?
- Understood. Bhau.
First. talk to him. Shoot later.
Understood?
Understood. Bhau.
Pushkar!
Haven't had a sip of water.
Let me go. Barak.
This is hurting a lot.
You know. it does not
matter whose body it is...
animal or...
human.
The body...
... starts rotting
and then...
... starts emanating a stench.
But when...
... a living human
being starts rotting...
... then even he begins to reek.
I don't know anything.
Then you won't tell me who?
I know...
... when a man's pain
Becomes unbearable...
... he remembers everything.
No.
Now. do you remember?
Will you tell me the entire story now?
Tell me. Tell me.
Tell me!
Reddy.
Reddy looked inside the box.
And he lost his mind.
Hello. Mhatre? Is the bar open?
Keep it open.
The box can be ours.
What do we have to do?
I'll get kidnapped.
the box will get stolen.
We can do it.
But no one will believe
your story. Reddy.
They will if Annappa dies.
Annappa is your right-hand man.
I raised Annappa.
Or else he would've died.
I gave him work when
he was useless.
Now it is time he be useful.
Mhatre. You must disappear.
Everything will settle down later.
Your life will be made!
Okay. Anna.
Keys to the warehouse.
You're still alive.
That means you're going
to have a long life.
A really long life.
Because. after today...
... you will look
after the port business.
Andre. look after him.
Look after him. Andre.
When will he come?
When?
Come. Mhatre sir.
You're looking fresh.
You don't answer calls
on a holiday. do you?
There's network issue
at Sawantvaadi. right?
We must ask the government
to put a new network tower there.
Phone's always unreachable!
Bro. one chilled beer.
Were you drunk?
Where were you?
I was busy working in the fields.
Installing fences.
The wild boars ruined
my crops at night.
That's why I left in an urgency.
I see.
Were Reddy and Kashmiri
there as well to ruin the crops?
Tell me.
Yes.
- Pushya.
Karim Kashmiri. Reddy
and Mhatre are in this together.
Mhatre is playing with us.
He's the main player.
M***********r.
Do you want to kill me?
Get up.
Come on. Get up.
Hey. c**k-s****r.
Let him go or else
I will shoot you in the a**.
Got it?
Let the man go.
Put them in the car.
Okay. don't worry.
Take them in.
Come on.
Let's go.
Oh..
If a person doesn't
have a handsome face...
...then he should learn
some manners at the very least.
Saves him a hiding.
I had only two goals in life.
One. ruling over Goa.
And second. to end you.
And Allah has fulfilled
both my wishes today.
Listen... don't leave me alive.
If you spare me. I will ruin you...
You'll ruin him?
Hit him! Hit him!
Does Bhau know about Reddy?
Does Barak know?
More than Reddy's
mother knows about him.
Beat him! Beat him!
Does Barak know?
Don't spare me life.
Kill me.
- Stop.
* Rambo Media Ltd *
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-